[SSL] Update origin-ca and adjust content for SEO (#19315)
cloudflare/cloudflare-docs: src/content/docs/ssl/origin-configuration/origin-ca/troubleshooting.mdx

---
title: Troubleshooting Cloudflare origin CA
pcx_content_type: troubleshooting

> description: Troubleshoot issues like NET::ERR_CERT_AUTHORITY_INVALID when using Cloudflare origin CA

Reviewer: ```suggestion
description: Troubleshoot issues like NET::ERR_CERT_AUTHORITY_INVALID when using Cloudflare origin CA.
```

sidebar:
  order: 2
  label: Troubleshooting
---

import { GlossaryTooltip, Render } from "~/components";

Consider the following common issues and troubleshooting steps when using [Cloudflare origin CA](/ssl/origin-configuration/origin-ca/).

## NET::ERR_CERT_AUTHORITY_INVALID

### Cause
<Render file="origin-ca-pause-error" />

This also means that SSL Labs or similar SSL validators are expected to flag the certificate as invalid.

### Solutions

> - Make sure the [proxy status](/dns/manage-dns-records/reference/proxied-dns-records/) of your DNS records and any [page rules](/rules/page-rules/) (if existing) are set up correctly. If so, you can try turning proxy off and then on again and wait a few minutes.

Reviewer: "turning proxy off" sounds a bit odd but I don't have a great suggestion... "turning proxying off"?

> - Make sure the [proxy status](/dns/manage-dns-records/reference/proxied-dns-records/) of your DNS records and any [page rules](/rules/page-rules/) (if existing) are set up correctly. If so, you can try turning proxy off and then on again and wait a few minutes.

Author: ```suggestion
- Make sure the [proxy status](/dns/manage-dns-records/reference/proxied-dns-records/) of your DNS records and any [page rules](/rules/page-rules/) (if existing) are set up correctly. If so, you can try to turn proxying off and then on again and wait a few minutes.
```
